 # 34th Annual MDA Muscle Walk

The Muscular Dystrophy Association's (MDA) Muscle Team of the Carolinas is hosting its 34th annual MDA Muscle Walk on Saturday, Oct. 21 at Riverfront Park in Rock Hill. The event begins with registration and a kids' zone from 8:30-9:30 a.m., followed by opening ceremonies at 10 a.m.

The MDA Muscle Walk is the largest charity walk series in the world that raises critical funds to help find treatments and cures for more than 40 neuromuscular diseases, including ALS and muscular dystrophy. The event also helps provide resources and support to thousands of children and adults living with these life-threatening diseases.

Since 2013, the MDA Muscle Team has raised $750,000 for research and services in the Carolinas. In Rock Hill, we have raised more than $645,000 since 2014. Our goal this year is to raise $30,000.

The MDA Muscle Team of the Carolinas consists of more than 20 families and friends from Charlotte and surrounding areas who are dedicated to raising awareness for neuromuscular diseases by participating in events like the Rock Hill MDA Muscle Walk. These families and friends also participate in local MDA fundraising events throughout the year, including the annual MDA Shamrock Shuffle 5K on March 17th and the MDA Lock-Up event in Charlotte on April 26th.

"The MDA Muscle Team is a group of amazing people who have become great friends to our family," said Sarah Trentacoste, whose son, Aiden, has Duchenne muscular dystrophy. "They have gone above and beyond to raise money for the fight against neuromuscular diseases like my son's. The funds we raise go toward research to find cures, but also help families that are affected by these diseases in our local community."

In addition to hosting events throughout the year, the MDA Muscle Team has established an annual scholarship fund for high school students living with a neuromuscular disease.

"This year we've had so many people tell us they want to join our team and help raise awareness for this cause," said Erin Hodge, who leads the Rock Hill MDA Muscle Walk as part of the MDA Muscle Team. "The MDA Shamrock Shuffle is a great way to start the season, but the MDA Muscle Walk is an opportunity to make a big impact on those in our local community that are affected by these diseases."

For more information on how you can help raise money for research and support families living with neuromuscular disease, contact Erin Hodge at [email protected] or 704-981-5361. To learn more about the MDA Muscle Walk, visit mda.org/rockhill or call 813-286-8900.
About Muscular Dystrophy Association

The Muscular Dystrophy Association is the world's leading nonprofit health agency dedicated to saving and improving the lives of people with muscle debilitating diseases. Founded in 1950, MDA has been supporting kids and adults affected by more than 40 neuromuscular diseases including ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease), muscular dystrophy, myotonic dystrophy, congenital muscular dystrophies and spinal muscular atrophy.

MDA funds worldwide research to find treatments and cures for these diseases. MDA also provides support services including an extensive network of medical clinics throughout the United States. In addition, MDA's National Resource Directory connects affected individuals with their nearest network clinic, as well as resources for families and healthcare professionals.