 # 5 Reasons to Buy a Home in Colorado

- Posted on March 20, 2019

### 1. Low Interest Rates

Interest rates for mortgage loans are at historic lows and experts predict that they will only continue to drop over the next year or two. As of January 31^{st}, 30-year fixed mortgage rates were hovering around 4.2% which is still considered very low in historical terms.

### 2. Colorado’s Economy Is Doing Well

Colorado has one of the strongest economies in the country, according to a recent U.S. News & World Report. We have one of the lowest unemployment rates (3.0%) and our GDP is growing at an above average rate compared to the rest of the country. This means that there are plenty of opportunities for finding employment here if you are looking to relocate or change careers.

### 3. Colorado is Growing Faster than Other States

Colorado’s population growth is one of the highest in the nation. In fact, between July 1^{st}, 2017 and July 1^{st}, 2018 we had a net increase of 94,450 people making us the 3rd fastest growing state in the U.S. This means that if you are looking to sell your home there will be plenty of interested buyers out there!

### 4. Colorado Has a Strong Job Market

According to U.S. News & World Report, Colorado has one of the lowest unemployment rates (3.0%) and our GDP is growing at an above average rate compared to the rest of the country. This means that there are plenty of opportunities for finding employment here if you are looking to relocate or change careers!

### 5. The cost of living is lower than many other states

Colorado has a relatively low cost of living compared to many other states. In fact, according to U.S News & World Report we are ranked 15th out of all 50 states when it comes to affordability! This means that your money will go farther in Colorado than it would in some other places around the country which makes owning a home here more affordable overall.

As you can see there are many reasons why now may be an excellent time for you to buy or sell your home in Colorado Springs CO! If this sounds like something that interests you then feel free to contact us today so we can help make sure everything goes smoothly during the process of finding/selling your next property here in town!