 # 6.17.2020

## The Pitfalls of Social Media in Divorce

I have noticed a trend over the last few years in the way social media is playing a role in divorce cases, particularly where there are children involved. We all know the saying “Don’t air your dirty laundry in public.” Yet many people get caught up in their own drama and forget that the whole world can see what they post. It is common for attorneys to request […]

## New Law on Divorce During COVID-19 Pandemic

On May 26, 2020, Governor Phil Murphy signed legislation that allows for virtual hearings in divorce cases during the pandemic. This will allow parties to move forward with their divorce without having to wait until the courts reopen. The law also provides for a remote hearing process whereby a court reporter can administer oaths and take testimony. For more information about this new law, click here.

## Can I Get Alimony in New Jersey?

The short answer is “maybe.”  In order to be eligible for alimony you must meet four criteria:
1) You were married for at least twenty years;
2) The payor’s income exceeds $5 million annually;
3) There are no children under the age of eighteen in the marriage; and
4) You do not have sufficient assets to live on after the divorce.
If you meet all four criteria, then you may be eligible for alimony.  If your case involves a high net worth individual or an individual with a business, it is important that you hire a divorce attorney who […]

## How to Choose the Right Divorce Attorney for Your Needs?

Divorce can be a very stressful and emotional time in a person’s life. It is important to choose a divorce attorney who will be able to handle your case with care and compassion while also being aggressive when needed. There are several factors to consider when choosing a family law attorney, including their experience level, location of their office, fees charged, whether they offer free consultations or not, how many cases they have handled similar to yours, and their reputation within the legal community.
The first step in finding an attorney that meets all of these criteria is researching online for local divorce attorneys near you using sites like AVVO or Google […]