 # 12.30pm: Man Utd v Stoke City, FA Cup third round replay

Stoke travel to Old Trafford hoping to knock the holders out of the competition.

### When?

Monday, January 16th 2017, 12.30pm

### Where?

Old Trafford, Manchester

### What's at stake?

The winner will progress to the fourth round of the FA Cup.

### Team news

United have been boosted by the return of Marouane Fellaini from injury. He missed the 3-1 defeat against Arsenal and the draw with Stoke in the first match, but will be available for selection today. Zlatan Ibrahimovic is suspended after he was sent off for his second booking in last week’s stalemate at the Britannia Stadium.

Stoke have a fully-fit squad to choose from with only Stephen Ireland and Stephen Ireland unavailable due to injury.

### What happened last time?

The match ended 1-1 after Michael Carrick scored for United and Ryan Shawcross equalised in the second half, so this replay is being held at Old Trafford.

### Who’s the referee?

Anthony Taylor will be taking charge of this game. He has previously officiated Manchester City's 5-0 defeat against Liverpool and Stoke City's 2-0 loss to Arsenal earlier in the season. He last took charge of a United game when they beat West Ham United 1-0 at Old Trafford, after which he sent off Cheikhou Kouyate for two yellow cards.

### What’s being said?

Stoke manager Mark Hughes: "It's a good test for us and one we are relishing as we look forward to it.”

Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho: "I don't believe in fairy tales, but we will try."